When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
When sharing the project with other people who would suggest changes or edit it. 
Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
Since it is shared with other people, they might make changes which you might not want. If it is automatic every commit would be pulled but if done manually we can choose.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
Forks create a copy of the repository already present on GitHub into your account.
Clone can create a copy of a repository on GitHub or Local repository into your Local repositories.
Branches are created within a single repository to be added to existing master branch or side branches.
Forks are required when you don't have permission to change someone else's repository and thus want to make a copy of your own to make the changes.
Clone is used in general to make a copy of any repository for using it.
Branches are created in order to make changes and commit them without affecting the master branch.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
Meeting people or sharing through mail/messages. It would be harder as changes would be difficult to make on a part of the project. There are no branches forks or clones which are easily availbale and easy to operate on GitHub.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
When we share or collaborate we allow other people to make changes to our project. At that time we need to make changes in separate branch as the master branch is not accesible. It enables safe collaboration without the risk of changing the original correct work.



